Add Template based test naming info to adapter settings page (#522)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/vs-test-adapter/Tips-And-Tricks.md

### Details

#### DefaultTestNamePattern

> The default format used to provide test names, expressed as an NUnit [Template Based Test Name Pattern](https://docs.nunit.org/articles/nunit/running-tests/Template-Based-Test-Naming.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default format used to provide test names, expressed as an NUnit [Template Based Test Name Pattern](xref:TemplateBasedTestNaming).
```

Suggestion to use an xref in case we move the file in the future and the location changes.
